README.md, before:

# Todo List App
  This is an application to store and manage your projects and tasks. You can add, edit and delete projects as well as tasks.

## This project has this characteristics:
  - You can create projects with their own todo lists.
  - You can create multiple todo lists in the projects.
  - Each todo list has its own view to check for details and add notes.
  - It also shows percentage of completion
  - gives red flag if deadline of one todo is passed.
  - We can mark any todo item as accomplished.

## Built With

- HTML, CSS
- Javascript
- Webpack

## Settings

- Run `npm install` to have all the needed packages to run the app.

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://majovanilla.github.io/todo-list/)

## Authors

👤 **María Reyes**

- Github: [@majo_vanilla](https://github.com/majo_vanilla)
- Linkedin: [María José Reyes Parroquin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/majoreyesparroquin/)

👤 **Suman Shrestha**

- Github: [@sumancrest0001](https://github.com/sumancrest0001)
- LinkedIn: [Suman Shrestha](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suman-shrestha0001/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/sumancrest0001/js-tic-tac-toe/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Final Project of the Rails Section from the [Microverse Curriculum] (https://www.microverse.org/)
- We follow the instructions of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/javascript/lessons/todo-list)
- CSS Reset from [Meyer Web](http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

## 📝 License

MIT.

Commit message:

fix error and add screenshot

README.md, after:

# Todo List App
  This is an application to store and manage your projects and tasks. You can add, edit and delete projects as well as tasks.

## This project has this characteristics:
  - You can create projects with their own todo lists.
  - You can create multiple todo lists in the projects.
  - Each todo list has its own view to check for details and add notes.
  - It also shows percentage of completion
  - gives red flag if deadline of one todo is passed.
  - We can mark any todo item as accomplished.

## Built With

- HTML, CSS
- Javascript
- Webpack

## Screenshot
![image](dist/img/screenshot2.png)

## Getting started
- Clone the project using <git clone https://github.com/sumancrest0001/todo-list>
- Run <cd todo-list> from the current directory.
- Run <npm install> to have all the needed packages to run the app.
- Run webpack with <npm run build> command

## Live Demo



## Authors

👤 **María Reyes**

- Github: [@majo_vanilla](https://github.com/majo_vanilla)
- Linkedin: [María José Reyes Parroquin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/majoreyesparroquin/)

👤 **Suman Shrestha**

- Github: [@sumancrest0001](https://github.com/sumancrest0001)
- LinkedIn: [Suman Shrestha](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suman-shrestha0001/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/sumancrest0001/js-tic-tac-toe/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Final Project of the Rails Section from the [Microverse Curriculum] (https://www.microverse.org/)
- We follow the instructions of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/javascript/lessons/todo-list)
- CSS Reset from [Meyer Web](http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

## 📝 License

MIT.
